Update inclusive-leadership.md (#360)
chaoss/wg-dei: focus-areas/leadership/inclusive-leadership.md

# Inclusive Leadership

> Question: How well is a project/community setup for diverse leadership?

Reviewer: Recommend "project and community" instead of "project/community"

> Question: How well is a project and community setup for diverse leadership?

Reviewer 2: I find the `project and community` and `project/community` wording confusing. Are they the same? Are they different? I feel when we use this term, we are usually referring to the community of people gathered around the tech project. So, I believe `project community` is a subtle wording change, but it conveys a more clear meaning in the delivery on this metric.

```suggestion
Question: How well is a project community setup for diverse leadership?
```

## Description

> Leadership is central to a project/community's culture and how the leadership is determined requires intentional design and accountability for the inclusion of others. Note the term leadership may vary depending on the project/community. Leadership roles have high visibility and the diversity of this group is critically important to fostering an inclusive community.

Reviewer 2: Small revision.

```suggestion
Leadership is central to a project community's culture. Project leadership models requires intentional design and accountability for the inclusion of others. Note the term leadership may vary depending on community. Leadership roles have high visibility and should be well-connected to others in the project. The diversity of this group is critically important to fostering an inclusive community.
```

## Objectives

- Enable communities to reflect on their own leadership practices. 

> - Signal to newcomers that everyone is welcome, has an opportunity to take on leadership roles, and can be successful within the project. 

Reviewer 2: Is this an objective of the metric itself, or an objective of someone implementing this metric in practice?

## Implementation

### Filters

**Examples of open source leadership (e.g., influential community roles):**

> * People serving as project maintainers (sometimes referred to as owners)

Reviewer: Recommend using "Individuals" instead of "people" here

> * Individuals with repository merge access

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Individuals with repository commit access (sometimes referred to as committers)
```

* People who are organization members for the repository
* People who have defined community roles (community representatives, community speakers)
* People listed in project documents as contacts for issues with builds, documentation, or other community concerns
* People serving as community event organizers 
* Pepole serving as community mentors for available mentorship programs

### Data Collection Strategies

**Step 1: Understand**

> The first step is to understand the principles of inclusive leadership by asking some questions that can include.

Reviewer: What is the second half of this sentence?

**Step 3: Take Action**

> The third step is to act on what you've learned. What those steps are depends on your specific project community and giving recommendations is outside the scope of this document.

Reviewer 2: Looks like `project community` was already used in other places in the document too. 😁
